Okay, so we need your help to build a website (i already own the domain on namecheap, its promptionary.io), already have supabase set up as well, repo is attached to the project. Lets figure out how to build this

7:42 PM

Identified project scope and prioritized clarifying core vision
Identified project scope and prioritized clarifying core vision
Happy to help you get promptionary off the ground. Before I start suggesting stack choices or sketching out architecture, I need to understand what you're actually building — the name points in a few directions (prompt library, prompt marketplace, prompt-writing tool, AI wrapper, etc.), and the right approach depends heavily on which one it is.

A few things it'd help to know:

What is promptionary? Give me the elevator pitch — what does a user do when they land on the site, and what problem does it solve for them? If you've got rough notes, a Figma, a sketch on a napkin, paste it all in.

Who's it for? Prompt engineers, casual ChatGPT users, a specific niche (marketers, devs, writers)?

What's already in Supabase? Have you set up tables/auth/storage yet, or is it a blank project? If you've designed any schema, share it — that'll tell me a lot about what you're envisioning.

What's in the repo right now? The README you attached is empty. Is there any code, a framework picked out, or is it a fresh repo waiting for a first commit?

Your background? Are you comfortable writing the code yourself with me as a pair-programmer, or would you prefer I lean toward no-code/low-code paths where possible? And do you have framework preferences (Next.js, SvelteKit, plain React, etc.)?

Once I know the shape of what you're building and where you're starting from, we can map out an MVP, pick a stack that plays nicely with Supabase, plan deployment (Vercel is the usual pairing, and connecting the Namecheap domain is straightforward), and break it into actually-shippable chunks. Don't worry about being polished in your answer — ramble, bullet, whatever's easiest.

Read the docs on realtime from supabase. I would like to host this on vercel, but undersatnd the need for persistence, so if we wanna host it somewhere else, lmk, i just like cutting edge shit and gitops. The tldr is you join a room, you play against other people guessing the prompt that was used to generate the image shown. we give points based on matches on keywords or something, idk. multiple rounds. etc. wdyt?

7:52 PM

Architected Vercel-Supabase stack for multiplayer game with key decisions pending
Architected Vercel-Supabase stack for multiplayer game with key decisions pending
Good news first: Vercel + Supabase is actually a great fit for this, specifically because of Supabase Realtime. The persistence concern people have with Vercel is about holding long-lived WebSocket connections in serverless functions — you can't. But you don't need to, because Supabase is your persistent layer. The WebSocket lives between the browser and Supabase; Vercel just serves your Next.js app and handles occasional API routes / server actions. Your game state lives in Postgres, ephemeral stuff (guesses, timer, chat) flows through Realtime Broadcast, and lobby presence uses Realtime Presence. No stateful server needed.

So the mental model is:

Vercel — ships the app, auth callbacks, any server-side image generation or moderation
Supabase Postgres — rooms, players, rounds, images/prompts, scores (source of truth)
Supabase Realtime Broadcast — live events per room (room:${code} channel): "player guessed", "round started", "timer tick", "scores updated"
Supabase Realtime Presence — who's in the lobby right now, ready states
Supabase Storage — the AI-generated images
Supabase Auth — with anonymous sessions enabled so people can jump in without signing up (huge for party games)
The stack I'd reach for
Given "cutting edge + gitops" as vibes:

Next.js 15 / App Router with Server Components + Server Actions
Drizzle ORM over Prisma — lighter, SQL-native, plays nicer with Supabase's schema-first approach
Supabase CLI + migrations in-repo (supabase/migrations/*.sql) — checked into git, applied on deploy. This is the GitOps story.
Supabase Branching — this is the feature you'll love. Every PR gets its own preview database that matches your Vercel preview deploy. Migrations run automatically on branch creation. It's basically Vercel previews but for your DB.
shadcn/ui + Tailwind for components
pgvector for scoring (more on this below)
The one architectural decision that matters most right now
Where does authoritative game logic live? You can't trust the client to score itself or advance rounds. Three options:

Postgres functions + pg_cron — rounds have an ends_at timestamp, a scheduled function closes them, computes scores, writes results, and Realtime broadcasts the update automatically via realtime.broadcast_changes(). Most gitops-friendly, everything's in SQL migrations. My default recommendation.
Supabase Edge Functions (Deno) — called from a client on round-end, validates server-side. Simpler mental model, but someone has to trigger it.
A tiny stateful "game director" service on Fly.io or Railway — overkill for this IMO, but worth mentioning since you asked.
I'd go with #1. It keeps the whole game loop inside Supabase and your migrations, which means the game rules live in version-controlled SQL. Very gitops.

On scoring — do the cool thing
You said "keyword matches or something, idk." Here's where you can punch above your weight: use pgvector for semantic similarity. Supabase has it built in. So scoring becomes:

Exact/keyword points — tokenize guess and real prompt, count overlap after stopword removal (fast, dumb, satisfying when you nail it)
Semantic points — embed both, compute cosine similarity (rewards "a cat wearing a top hat in Paris" even if the real prompt was "feline gentleman in France")
Combining them makes the game way more forgiving and fun than pure string matching, and it's a natural fit for the stack.

The question I can't answer without you
Where do the images come from? This is the biggest fork and it changes everything downstream:

Answer those and I'll draft a concrete MVP plan: schema, channel topology, game state machine, and what to build first. I'd probably push for a vertical slice — one room, two players, one round, end-to-end — before we touch anything else.

Q: Where do the image/prompt pairs come from?
A: HERE IS THE BEST PART: WE ARE GONNA HAVE THE BOTS FIGURE THAT OUT. NANOBANANA2 API. Can we like dynamically generate a prompt on round start > nanobanana2 api to generate image > ????

Q: Rough player model you're picturing?
A: Anonymous guest play, Jackbox-style room codes

Q: How comfortable are you writing the code vs me scaffolding it?
A: I ain't writing any code, you tell me what to give claude code and he build

7:56 PM

Architected game loop, cost model, and Claude Code brief structure
Architected game loop, cost model, and Claude Code brief structure
Hell yes, that's actually the right move and it unlocks the whole design. Quick calibration on what you're calling "NanoBanana 2" — that's Google's Gemini 3.1 Flash Image Preview (gemini-3.1-flash-image-preview), released Feb 2026. Pricing run 
LaoZhang AI Blog
s roughly $0.045 (0.5K) to $0.151 (4K) per image on the official API, with a 50% batch discount if you can tolerate async. For a real-time game you need sync, so you're looking at ~$0.05-$0.07 per image at 1K, which is plenty for this use case. Gemini 3 Pro Image (NanoBanana Pro) exists too but it's 2-3x the price and overkill for guessable party-game images.

The two-LLM trick
Here's the elegant flow: you use a cheap text LLM (Gemini 2.5 Flash, dirt cheap) to author the secret prompt, then feed that prompt to NanoBanana 2 to generate the image. The text model is also what makes rounds feel curated without any curation:

Round start →
  1. Gemini Flash: "Write a creative, guessable image prompt. Theme: {random}. 
     12-25 words. Concrete nouns, one clear subject, interesting but not obscure."
  2. NanoBanana 2: generate image from that prompt
  3. Upload image to Supabase Storage
  4. Broadcast: "round started, image URL, 45s timer"
  5. Players submit guesses
  6. Timer expires → score all guesses → reveal prompt
You can vary difficulty by changing the prompt-author's instructions ("use 2 subjects and an unusual setting" for hard mode). You can theme entire games. You can let rooms pick a style. All free.

Cost reality check
At ~$0.06/image, a 5-round game costs ~$0.30 in image gen alone. Scoring embeddings + prompt authoring add pennies. For a free-to-play Jackbox clone, abuse protection matters from day one:

Anonymous rate-limit by IP and by room (e.g. max 3 games per IP per hour)
Hard cap rounds-per-game at launch (5-7)
Pre-generate a buffer pool of image/prompt pairs during quiet times and pull from it; refill async. This means peak-time rooms don't block on API latency either — massive UX win.
Eventually: cap at 1K resolution, add Cloudflare Turnstile on room creation
Architecture, locked in
┌─────────────┐       ┌──────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────┐
│   Browser   │◄─WS──►│ Supabase Realtime│      │  Gemini Flash   │
│  (Next.js)  │       │    (broadcasts)  │      │  (prompt gen)   │
└──────┬──────┘       └──────────────────┘      └────────▲────────┘
       │                        ▲                        │
       │ Server Actions         │ triggers               │ calls
       ▼                        │                        │
┌──────────────────┐    ┌───────┴────────┐      ┌────────┴────────┐
│  Vercel (Next15) │───►│ Supabase       │      │  NanoBanana 2   │
│  - UI            │    │ - Postgres     │      │  (image gen)    │
│  - Server Actions│    │ - Storage      │      └─────────────────┘
│  - /api/tick     │◄───│ - pg_cron      │
└──────────────────┘    │ - Auth (anon)  │
                        │ - pgvector     │
                        └────────────────┘
Who does what:

Vercel Server Actions handle all external API calls (prompt gen, image gen, embedding gen) and DB writes. No stateful server needed.
Supabase Realtime broadcasts state changes to all players in a room — clients subscribe to room:{code} and react.
pg_cron runs every 2s, finds rooms with expired phases, and calls a /api/tick endpoint on Vercel to advance them. This means the game runs even if the host disconnects.
pgvector stores embeddings of the secret prompt so scoring is one SQL query.
Round state machine
LOBBY       → host hits "start" → 
GENERATING  → image ready (5-10s) → 
GUESSING    → 45s timer expires OR all submitted →
SCORING     → embeddings + keywords computed →
REVEAL      → 10s to show prompt + leaderboard →
  loop to GENERATING for round 2...N
GAME_OVER   → final leaderboard
Each phase has a phase_ends_at in the DB. Clients show countdowns locally but the DB is authoritative.

Scoring (the fun part)
Semantic score (0-70 pts): cosine similarity between guess embedding and actual prompt embedding via pgvector. Rewards meaning.
Keyword score (0-30 pts): tokenize both, remove stopwords, count overlap, normalize. Rewards specificity.
Speed bonus (0-10 pts): faster = more points, only if you scored >40 total.
You'll tune these post-MVP based on what feels good.

Schema sketch
sql
rooms          (id, code, host_id, phase, round_num, max_rounds, 
                current_image_url, current_prompt, current_prompt_embedding,
                phase_ends_at, created_at)
room_players   (room_id, player_id, display_name, joined_at, score)
rounds         (id, room_id, round_num, prompt, image_url, started_at, ended_at)
guesses        (id, round_id, player_id, guess, embedding, 
                semantic_score, keyword_score, speed_bonus, total_score)
Before I draft the Claude Code brief
Three decisions I want you to sign off on:

Once you answer, I'll write the Claude Code brief as a two-parter: (1) repo scaffolding — Next.js 15 + Supabase + Drizzle + shadcn + migrations + CI, and (2) the vertical slice — one room, two players, one round, end-to-end. Get that running first, then we expand. Don't let Claude Code try to build the whole game in one shot — it'll make architectural choices you can't undo cheaply.

[User dismissed — do not proceed, wait for next instruction]

8:01 PM
Got it, standing by. Ping me when you're ready.

the overlord said this is the elevator pitch, anything change about anything we talked about? It’s Pictionary in reverse. Instead of drawing a word, you’re looking at a finished AI painting and trying to guess the weird, specific prompt that created it. Points are awarded not just for accuracy, but for capturing the specific adjectives and styles the AI latched onto. It’s a game about communication, interpretation, and the hilarious gap between what we tell a machine and what it actually sees. It can be played in teams or in a heads up 1 on 1.

8:01 PM

Reconciled pitch with plan, identified scoring and teams mode refinements
Reconciled pitch with plan, identified scoring and teams mode refinements
Nothing fundamental breaks, but the pitch sharpens three things in ways worth calling out:

1. Scoring needs a refactor — style/adjective words matter more
The pitch is explicit: "not just for accuracy, but for capturing the specific adjectives and styles the AI latched onto." Our current 70/30 semantic/keyword split treats all tokens equally. That undersells the core fun. Better split:

Subject match (0-30 pts) — did you get the main nouns? "cat", "castle", "astronaut"
Style/adjective match (0-40 pts) — did you catch the vibe? "watercolor", "cinematic", "moody", "art nouveau", "1980s anime", "bioluminescent". These are harder and the pitch says they should be worth more.
Semantic similarity (0-20 pts) — overall meaning via embeddings, catches paraphrase
Speed bonus (0-10 pts) — tiebreaker
Implementation: the prompt-authoring LLM tags each word in the secret prompt as subject | style | modifier | filler when it writes the prompt. Store that classification. Scorer uses the tags to weight matches differently. This is free — you're already calling an LLM to author the prompt.

2. The prompt-author needs an opinionated spec
The "weird, specific" framing is doing real work in the pitch. If Gemini writes boring prompts like "a dog in a park," the game is dead. The meta-prompt should demand:

1-2 clear subjects (guessable)
1-2 distinctive style cues ("in the style of X," "oil painting," "8-bit pixel art")
1-2 mood/lighting adjectives ("melancholic," "golden hour," "neon-drenched")
Optional: an unexpected modifier ("wearing a monocle," "in zero gravity")
This becomes your content quality lever. You can A/B the meta-prompt later without touching anything else.

3. Teams + 1v1 affect schema today
"Played in teams or heads up 1-on-1" is the part that actually changes data modeling, and it's cheaper to get right now than retrofit. Three game modes to support:

Party — free-for-all, 3-8 players (our original plan)
Teams — 2+ teams of 2+ players each
Heads-up — 1v1, faster rounds, first-to-N-points
Schema tweaks:

rooms          + mode ('party' | 'teams' | 'headsup')
room_players   + team_id (nullable, null for party mode)
teams          (id, room_id, name, color)   -- new table, empty for non-team modes
Teams scoring question — three reasonable models:

Best guess wins — highest-scoring guess on the team is the team's score. Simple. Safe default.
Pooled tokens — concatenate all teammates' guesses, score as one mega-guess. Rewards coordination ("you cover subjects, I'll go for style"). Cooler, weirder, fits the "communication" theme in the pitch.
Captain mode — one rotating guesser per round, teammates can send emoji reactions but not text. Adds social dynamics but more UI to build.
I'd ship with best guess wins for MVP and keep pooled tokens in your back pocket as an unlockable game mode — it's the most on-thesis with "communication and interpretation" but it needs playtest data.

What doesn't change
Stack, realtime architecture, NanoBanana 2, pgvector, pg_cron tick, anonymous rooms, cost model — all still correct. Good news.

So: want to lock in the three decisions from last turn + add these mode/scoring decisions and then I'll draft the Claude Code brief? Or keep iterating on the design first? I'd vote lock-in — you'll learn more from a working vertical slice than from more planning.

I dont want to be able to talk to my teammates when i play unless were waiting for x seconds inbetween rounds. 1 and 2 is good. 3, thats fine. lets do the unlockable feature sure bro. Tell me exactly what to tell the supabase chat bot to build the realtime stuff unless you ahve more questions? Also, i would really like to not have a dogshit 2023 dark mode landing page ai slop ui for this. something very bright and vibrant, blues, pinks, purples, okay?

8:09 PM

Architected database schema, RLS policies, and realtime configuration requirements
Architected database schema, RLS policies, and realtime configuration requirements
Locked in. Summary: Gemini 2.5 Flash for text, on-demand image gen, 45/10/5, pooled-tokens as unlockable, chat blackout during active rounds. That last one is actually an architectural constraint, not just a UI one — we enforce it at the realtime authorization layer so it can't be bypassed. Good catch.

Before I hand you the Supabase brief, one quick thing on the UI — I'm going to note the direction now so it carries forward to the Claude Code brief later, but I won't bloat this message with UI stuff since you're going to Supabase next. Rough north star: Jackbox energy × Arc browser polish × Figma illustration warmth. Mesh gradients (indigo → pink → coral), playful display font for headings (Clash Display, Fraunces, or Redaction), clean geometric sans for body (Geist, Inter Tight), rounded-2xl everything, confetti on wins, purposeful motion. Anti-slop means: no generic "AI gradient orb" hero, no glassmorphism-for-its-own-sake, no slate-900 background. Bright first, always. I'll package this properly when we get to frontend.

Now — the Supabase brief. Paste this into the Supabase AI Assistant (dashboard → "Assistant" tab). It's structured so it can execute it in chunks; if it asks clarifying questions, let me know what they are.


Created a file, read a file
Created a file, read a file
A few things worth flagging as you kick this off:

The chat blackout is enforced at the DB, not the UI. It's an RLS policy on realtime.messages that checks the room's current phase before allowing an insert. So even if someone hacks the client, they can't spam teammates mid-round. This is the correct place for it.

Prompt leakage protection is the other non-obvious thing. The rounds table has a prompt column that's literally the answer to the round. Clients read from a rounds_public view that hides it until phase = reveal. Cheaters can't just subscribe to the table directly.

pg_cron runs the game clock. Every 2 seconds it scans for expired phases and advances them. This is why the game keeps going even if the host closes their tab.

Bring your own secrets. After Supabase finishes, you'll have placeholder Vault entries for Vercel URL + shared webhook secret. We'll fill those in when we set up the Vercel side.

When Supabase's assistant finishes and you have the schema deployed, come back with (a) any questions it asked, (b) any assumptions it flagged, and (c) a screenshot or dump of the final schema. Then I'll write the Claude Code brief for the Next.js app — including the full design system spec so your landing page looks like a game, not a SaaS dashboard.
